[ADD] inventory: add reservation methods docs (#7709)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/inventory_and_mrp/inventory/shipping_receiving/reservation_methods.rst

> :show-content:
> :hide-page-toc:
> 

Reviewer: No need to include these since there are no sub-docs _yet_ 🙂
```suggestion
```

Author: Nice catch! Suggestion implemented ✅

===================
Reservation methods
===================

Companies that sell and deliver goods to customers need to make sure that they always have stock

> on-hand, so when new sales orders are confirmed, they can deliver products on time.

Author: Brevity's always good with me! I'll add this change in.

Suggestion implemented ✅

In Odoo, this can be handled using *reservation methods*. Reservation methods control how products
included in a delivery order (DO) should be reserved for delivery, ensuring they are reserved at the
correct times, for the correct orders.

There are three different reservation methods in Odoo: *At Confirmation*, *Manually*, and *Before
Scheduled Date*.

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: At confirmation

      Reserves products **only** when a sales order is confirmed, **and** if stock is already
      available.

   .. tab:: Manually

      Once a quote is confirmed, product availability **must** be checked manually, and the required

>       quantity must be reserved manually.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      quantity **must** be reserved manually.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   .. tab:: Before scheduled date

>       A specific number of days can be selected; this will be the maximum number of days **before**

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
      A specific number of days can be selected; this is the maximum number of days **before**
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

      scheduled delivery date that products should be reserved.

Configuration
=============

Reservation methods are set on individual operations types. To configure reservation methods, go to

> :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration --> Operations Types`. Then, select the desired

Author: That's a good call to add that in there. I added an additional `.. note::` admonition before the last image to explain this:

.. note::
   When the :guilabel:`Type of Operation` is changed to *Receipt* on an :guilabel:`Operations Type`
   form, reservation methods are **not** available.

Suggestion implemented ✅

operation type.

In the :guilabel:`General` tab, locate the :guilabel:`Reservation Method` option, and choose which

> method should be used for this type of operation.

Author: That makes sense to me. Suggestion implemented ✅

.. image:: reservation_methods/reservation-methods-operations-type-field.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Reservation method field on delivery order operation type form.

.. tip::
   If the :guilabel:`Before scheduled date` reservation method is selected, a new
   :guilabel:`Reserve before scheduled date` field appears below. From this field, the number of
   :guilabel:`days before` and :guilabel:`days before when starred` can be changed from the default
   `0`.

   Changing the :guilabel:`days before` value changes the maximum number of days before a scheduled
   date that products should be reserved.

   Changing the :guilabel:`days before when starred` value changes the maximum number of days before
   a scheduled date that starred (favorited) transfers for products should be reserved.

   .. image:: reservation_methods/reservation-methods-before-scheduled-date.png
      :align: center
      :alt: Reserve before scheduled date fields with before scheduled date method chosen.

Required features

> =================

Author: Yeah, that actually does make more sense in this instance. I'll go ahead and make the change.

Suggestion implemented ✅

> The two required applications that **must** be installed to use reservation methods are the *Sales*
> and *Inventory* apps.
> 
> To install these apps, from the main Odoo dashboard, navigate to the :menuselection:`Apps`
> application, and locate the *Sales* and *Inventory* apps. Then, click :guilabel:`Install` on each
> app, and refresh the database.

Reviewer: Suggesting to use the **Apps and modules Install** documentation instead of re-explaining how to install the modules :)
```suggestion
The two required applications that **must** be :ref:`installed <general/install>` to use reservation
methods are the *Sales* and *Inventory* apps.
```

Author: That's a nice way to save some time! Suggestion implemented ✅

.. note::
   In addition to delivery orders, reservation methods can also be used for *manufacturing orders*,
   *resupply subcontractor* orders, *repairs* orders, and *internal transfers*. To enable this,

>    configure the additional settings:

Author: I agree, it does work better. Suggestion implemented ✅

   - **For manufacturing orders:** Install the *Manufacturing* application by going to

>      :menuselection:`Apps`, locating the *Manufacturing* app, and clicking :guilabel:`Install`.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   - **For resupply subcontractor:** Navigate to :menuselection:`Manufacturing app --> Configuration

>      --> Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Operations` section, enable :guilabel:`Subcontracting`.

Author: Nice catch. Suggestion implemented ✅

   - **For repairs:** Install the *Repairs* application by going to :menuselection:`Apps`, locating

>      the *Repairs* app, and clicking :guilabel:`Install`.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   - **For internal transfers:** Navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->

>      Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section, enable :guilabel:`Storage Locations`.

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

   - **For internal transfers:** Navigate to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
     Settings`, and under the :guilabel:`Warehouse` section, enable :guilabel:`Storage Locations`.

>      Then, click :guilabel:`Save`.

Reviewer: Wouldnt the _Manufacturing_ and _Repairs_ apps be **Required applications** in this case? If so, it would make sense to me to include these apps in the previous instructions to install the _Sales_ and _Inventory_ apps. 

Doing so would also simplify the bullet points to show just the config of **For resupply subcontractor** and **For internal transfers** instead of both installing apps and config.

I also may not be understanding this section correctly, so please let me know your thoughts. There isnt anything technically wrong here, just voicing my thoughts 🙂

Author: My logic with this section was that you don't actually need to use reservation methods for these functions if you don't want, since it's most commonly used on delivery orders. So the info in this list is just telling people how to go about setting up the "optional" extras, so to speak, if that makes sense.

Author: I added some words for clarification to try and make this a bit more clear

be viewed and changed by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->

> Operations Types`, then clicking on a specific operations type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Operations Types`, and then clicking on a specific operations type.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅

reservation methods to work. They will be available by default on certain operations types, and can
be viewed and changed by navigating to :menuselection:`Inventory app --> Configuration -->
Operations Types`, and then clicking on a specific operations type.

.. note::

>    When the :guilabel:`Type of Operation` is changed to *Receipt* on an :guilabel:`Operations Type`
>    form, reservation methods are **not** available.

Reviewer: Please use :guilabel:s for drop-down menu options in an active instruction :)
```suggestion
   When the :guilabel:`Type of Operation` is changed to :guilabel:`Receipt` on an
   :guilabel:`Operations Type` form, reservation methods are **not** available.
```

Author: Suggestion implemented ✅
